Now that we've created a Kinesis Stream, we need to start sending records to it.
Let's start by just taking a look at a file.
Go to the lib/simulation folder and open the resolution.js file.
This file is used once the simulation is complete and the
records need to be sent to SQS and kinesis.
On Lines 8 and 9, we define variables for the stream name and partition key.
The partition key is a value that kinesis hashes and uses to segment the
data record to a specific shard. Even with a single shard,
this is a required field when pushing data to kinesis.
Now let's open the kinesis.js file in the lib/data/lib folder.
This is another simple file that performs one operation.
Go ahead and update your region first on Line 3. The send function on
Line 7 is exported so the simulation.js file can use it.
Let's implement this method by creating our params const object on Line 8.
The first property will be data,
which is what will be sending to the Kinesis Stream. We
need to stringify it so call json.stringify passing in
the message function argument.
The next property is partition key,
which we can give the value of our partition function argument.
And the final property is StreamName, which will have the value streamName.
It's pretty simple.
Just point the data at a stream and put it up there. On Line 14, the
kinesis.putRecord function is called to put the record into the stream
and that's pretty much all there is to it. Now, in the next clip, we're going to set up our stream consumer.